[♪♪]
[THUNDER CRACKLES]
♪ Rain drops keep
Falling on my head ♪
Okay.
No! But what was
I supposed to do? I had to.
WOMAN: You had to?
Yes! He dared me!
That's a man rule, babe.
He was taunting me.
It's his job to taunt you!
How do they get customers?
So I am supposed
to let a carnie,
some nomadic fair worker
question my manhood?
Oh, yes.
Because your manhood
is defined by being able to toss
little rings over a bottle.
That's a very important
job for a man.
That's very hard to do.
Oh, it's very hard?
That's why a 12-year-old boy
could do it over and over again.
Clearly, he was a ringer.
Oh.
Hey, did I win you the bear,
or did I win you the bear?
You got me the bear.
I got you the bear.
And I love it.
And...
And I love you.
Damn straight.
[LAUGHING]
I can't believe we're
going home to our new house.
I can't believe you convinced
me to go to a county fair.
Ha, ha. Come on, we're
in a festive mood,
and here we're in
this new small town.
[LOCAL ACCENT] We gotta get into
our small town frame of mind.
[LOCAL ACCENT] Oh, you want
to be like one of the locals?
[NORMAL ACCENT]
I don't know about that.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
But I did want a good luck
keepsake for the new house.
[NORMAL ACCENT] I thought your
necklace was your good luck charm?
It's not exactly
a good luck charm.
I'm sorry,
your non-bad luck charm.
It's supposed to keep
evil spirits away.
Well, it's clearly
not working...
Yeah.
[LAUGHING]
I just want home to be
perfect, full of love...
And...
The sound of
children laughing...
Oh! Time!
Ha, ha.
That is two hours and 15 minutes
since our last baby mention.
You want to have a baby, too.
Correction. I want
to  make a baby.
What you do after that
is entirely up to you.
Babe, I'm just
looking to get laid.
Oh, okay.
[LAUGHING]
Well...
if you play your cards right...
Mm-hm.
My teddy-bear-winning
He-Man...
you just might.
Maybe we can start
trying tonight.
[SCREAMING]
[GASPS]
Hey, Megan!
[KEYS JINGLING]
Babe!
Babe! You all right?
Did you see her?
Who?
The girl! There was a girl
in the middle of the road!
I swear to God I saw
somebody in the road!
Okay, it was likely an animal,
babe. Or something, I...
Something.
Come on, get back in the car,
it's freezing out here!
MEGAN:
You believe me?
Of course I believe you.
Get in the car.
You old kook!
[TIRES SLIDING]
And... we are stuck.
Are you sure?
Yeah, pretty sure.
All right, the way I see it,
we got two options.
We can call a tow
truck and wait,
which, out here can
take all night.
Or...
Or what?
We huff it.
Through the mud and rain?
Yeah, the house is
a quarter mile away...
I'll make you a deal.
Okay.
If you can catch it,
you can have it.
[SCREAMING
AND LAUGHING]
[♪♪]
MAN:
You're crazy!
Yeah, but I'm all yours, baby!
[LAUGHING]
You gonna get me?
Uh-huh!
[LAUGHING
AND SCREAMING]
[PANTING]
I still beat you.
Ha, ha.
[♪♪]
What was that for?
I was claiming my prize.
Heh.
[MEGAN LAUGHING]
[RAIN POURING]
[GASPING]
[FRYING PAN SCRAPING]
Hey, babe.
There's my sleeping beauty.
[CHUCKLES]
Please, I feel
I haven't slept a wink.
Well, the clock
on the wall says otherwise.
1:15?
Are you serious?
Yeah, I thought about
making you lunch,
and then I figured...
you gotta have
your first breakfast
in your new house, right?
Heh.
Thank you, sir.
The house special, ma'am.
Heh.
Sorry I slept so late.
Mm, I guess I just wore you out.
Yeah, you did.
[CHUCKLES]
[RAIN POURING]
Honey!
Oh!
[GRUNTING]
What the hell was that?
[BOTH PANTING]
None of this is working now.
What do you think happened?
The perils of a new house.
Ah, ha. I'll take
a look at it later.
Uh, for now, crisis averted.
Is it safe?
Yeah!
I gotta unpack my tools.
You, eat!
[RAIN POURING]
How's it going in here?
Remind me, again, why
I have so many books.
Because you're a writer.
That's what you do.
Yeah.
What's this trashy novel?
At least the author is hot.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Trashy novel?
Andrew! I thought you said you
didn't unpack the glasses.
ANDREW: I moved nothing!
I know nothing!
Seriously. Did you?
What?
I didn't realize you did
so much unpacking in here.
I didn't.
You didn't do this?
Movers.
I suppose. But that
seems really weird.
Did you see those guys?
Weird is an understatement.
I hope they didn't
break anything.
Think about it like this...
less time for unpacking
and more time for playing.
Oh, we got a leak.
But it's your dream house.
[LAUGHING]
Fixer-upper.
Uh-huh!
Go fix it up!
[WIND BLOWING
AND RAIN POURING]
I can't believe
we have a guest room.
Hopefully it won't be a
guest room for very long.
Oh? You have other plans?
Maybe a nursery?
Mmm, talk about feeling
like a grown up.
Picture it with me, okay?
We could... put a changing
table right here...
Uh-huh. Right there.
Have a rocking chair in
the corner by the window,
and the crib could go
right there on that wall.
The crib!
Who are you kidding?
That kid is gonna be in
our bed every night.
[GASPS]
I love our house.
Just be with me.
I'm so happy here.
I never, ever want
to leave this place.
Then here we shall stay.
So, this is the nursery,
but down the hall
the second bedroom could
be for baby number two.
Whoa, let's uh, slow down. Let's
work on the first one, huh?
We should build a tree
house in the backyard.
Or maybe even put in a pool.
Well, not till they get older.
And the attic will be
a perfect playroom.
And we could even put a big
screen TV up there, couches...
I see your mouth moving, right?
But I just hear this loud,
sucking sound where cash is
leaving our bank account.
We'll be okay!
You'll keep writing books.
And I'll keep painting.
And we'll live
happily ever after.
I like that.
But first...
we unpack.
Go!
[RAIN POURING]
[THUNDER CRACKLING]
[SCREAMS]
What is it?
What happened?
There's someone out there.
In the yard?
No! Right there!
She's looking at me.
Baby, it's the storm
playing tricks on you.
I saw her.
No, come here, we are
on the second floor.
Come here.
It's a straight drop,
two stories, it's impossible.
See?
It's a reflection.
Yeah, it makes sense.
Oh, were you scared?
We should get blinds.
Your wish is my command.
[VOICE WHISPERING]
VOICE:
Go.
Get out.
Get out!
[♪♪]
[THUNDER CRACKLING]
Oh, my God.
[LAUGHING]
Aw. Bumpers.
Mrs. Pinkleton.
[♪♪]
Hard at work, I see.
Those are the boxes
your mother sent?
Yeah.
Have you met Mrs. Pinkleton?
Why, no, I haven't.
Very nice to meet you,
Mrs. Pinkleton.
[LAUGHING]
Have you ladies had lunch?
No, we haven't.
Hmm, well, are you hungry?
Because I'm starving.
I'm not really hungry right now.
I think I just wanna go through
these boxes a little bit longer.
Okay! All right.
See you down there?
Yep!
Hello?
Someone out there?
Babe!
What are you doing?
I thought I saw
someone out there.
In the rain?
Over there.
In the yard.
I thought I saw two people.
Well, I don't know what they'd
be doing in this weather.
Come on, let's dry off.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[♪♪]
It's good you're
such a good dancer.
I was a little bit worried at
that karaoke bar we met at.
Hey! You said you
liked my singing.
I only told you that so
I could get into your pants.
Girl, you could have said
I sounded like a cat
being skinned alive
and still got in my pants.
You're so easy.
[LAUGHING]
This is nice.
Yeah.
I love you.
And I love how happy you are.
I am.
Maybe we should go to bed?
Yeah, we should.
Let me just take the trash out.
Oh, baby!
It will just take a second.
It can wait.
That's what all the little
mice are saying, too.
Mice?
We have mice?
We will if we don't
take the trash out.
Go on, go on up.
I'll meet you up there.
[MEGAN LAUGHS]
[WIND BLOWING
AND THUNDER CRACKLING]
Andrew!
Hold on!
I'm just trapped.
You okay?
You all right?
Thank God you're here.
[ANDREW LAUGHING]
Can't lose that.
Ow.
I could have been killed.
Oh! No!
I don't even want
to think about it.
If you hadn't shown up.
But I did.
Yes, you did.
My knight in shining armor.
Hey! How'd that
fire start, anyway?
I don't know.
Was it near a light
bulb or an outlet?
I don't think so.
It just... It just
seemed to start burning.
I mean, I couldn't
see everything.
You were scared.
Well, it doesn't matter now.
And with this rain...
I don't think we are gonna
have to worry about fire,
ever again!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Yeah, that's cold.
[LAUGHING]
Andrew!
Andrew, you up here?
Hello?
[WIND BLOWING]
[VOICE WHISPERING]
Aah!
ANDREW:
Babe!
Hey, babe?
Yeah. Yeah,
I'll be right down!
Okay, almost there...
Step, little baby step.
There we go.
Are you ready?
Ta-da!
My studio.
It's what you've always wanted.
And it's now ready to be graced
by your extraordinary talents.
You don't like it?
Look, if I put anything
in the wrong place,
I can move it, right?
Just, uh...
Do you want the easel by
the window? Whatever you want!
No, no. It's perfect, I love it.
I really do.
I, uh...
I think the fire
threw me for a loop.
I can imagine.
I was hoping this would...
distract you from all that.
You're so good to me!
Well, I am quite the catch.
Here, sit down.
Come on!
I have paint back here,
I got your paint brushes in
this can that you love so much,
I unpacked your canvases,
you're ready to go.
Andrew! This is...
This is amazing.
Baby!
Oh, uh...
You're gushing blood,
what happened?
Oh, uh, no, it's nothing.
I just...
I cut it on a nail.
It's... It's okay, it's fine.
I gotta get something
to wrap that up with!
No. Don't go.
Okay.
Please don't leave me.
Of course.
Hey! You're gonna paint?
Help me get set up.
Hey! Do you, uh...
Do you need a model?
'Cause I'd be happy
to pose nude for you.
Thank you so much.
This means the world to me.
You deserve it.
Now paint me a masterpiece
so we can afford this house.
[RAIN POURING
AND THUNDER RUMBLING]
Can't work?
No...
I'm not feeling very inspired.
Well...
it's this weather...
this damn rain.
My head is killing me.
Oh, baby!
How about your arm?
Is it better?
I had forgotten all about it.
I might go lay down for awhile.
You want some company?
My head is pounding, hon.
Are you really gonna use
the "I have a headache"
excuse on me?
For the record, I told you
about my headache first.
I'll be upstairs.
[SIGHING]
[VOICE GROWLING]
[♪♪]
Come on.
Bulbs?
Bulbs, bulbs, bulbs...
[SHATTERS]
[GRUNTS]
Fuck.
The fuse box.
[CHOKING]
[GASPING]
[VOICE WHISPERING]
Andrew.
Hey, babe.
You feeling better?
Have you seen my necklace?
It's the one I always wear.
Have you seen it?
Did you take it off
when you were cleaning?
No! I never take it off. Ever.
You check the bathroom?
I checked everywhere, okay?
That's why I'm asking you!
Okay. It's okay.
No! No! It's not okay!
This is important!
Hey, I will help you
find your necklace.
Okay?
It doesn't make any sense.
I don't know where it could be.
I looked everywhere.
I know.
You've been running around
the last couple days,
it probably snapped off
somewhere.
It's here.
We'll find it.
Okay? I promise.
We have to.
I know.
I need it!
I know. Hey!
We need it.
You feel a little warm.
First, I find you
some aspirin...
then we find your necklace,
okay?
[VOICES WHISPERING]
[SCREAMING]
Out!
What happened?
Someone is out there.
A woman, an elderly woman...
she was right there.
Hello?
Hey, who's out there?
I'm not crazy, Andrew.
I didn't say that.
But look,
when I was out there...
I thought, uh...
I don't know what I thought,
but I didn't think angel statue.
Right?
It's this storm, babe,
it's playing tricks on you.
Baby, your arm.
I need my necklace.
Okay, we'll find it.
We have to.
Do you understand me?
I understand you, yes.
We'll find your necklace.
I promise.
MEGAN:
Andrew?
Andrew!
Andrew, wake up!
Andrew! Oh, God...
Wake up!
[SCREAMING]
What? What!
What is it?
[CRYING]
Okay.
Easy, easy, easy...
It's okay.
It's all right.
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
MEGAN:
Where are you going?
I just gotta get out
of bed for a minute.
Please.
Don't leave me.
I don't want to be alone.
Okay.
It's still raining.
What's happening, Andrew?
ANDREW:
I don't know, babe.
I don't know.
Am I losing my mind?
No! Baby, come on...
I keep seeing these...
What?
I feel...
It sounds stupid.
No, come on. What?
Maybe this house is haunted.
I know, I sound like...
No! No, it's just...
Well, you read those books.
Paranormal stuff.
And they're just books.
Babe, you're not feeling well,
you're tired, you know?
Please, don't patronize me.
I'm not patronizing you.
Babe!
There's always an explanation.
I'm just saying,
there's an explanation.
What if there's not
an explanation?
What if this is the explanation?
Okay, what do you want to do?
I don't know.
Maybe it is all in my head.
Do you wanna go? Just
pack up and get out of here?
What?
No! No! No, I...
This is our house.
This is my dream house.
I'm not leaving.
Okay.
I need to find my necklace.
Babe.
[CREEPY ECHOING]
[DOOR SLAMS]
Hello?
[SCREAMING]
VOICE:
Get out.
[CRYING]
It's not much.
But until we can get
a tow truck out here,
we are short on supplies.
It's okay.
I'm not hungry anyway.
Baby, you're burning up.
You gotta eat something.
Then go upstairs and take a nap.
Come on.
No.
Baby, you have to eat.
I know you don't
believe me, Andrew.
I don't know if I believe me.
But it's real.
I'm not going crazy.
Baby, no one is saying
you are going crazy.
No one is saying that.
But you're sick,
you're fatigued,
and this damn storm...
I'm thinking maybe we should
get out of here for a while.
No.
Just for a while,
we'll call a cab.
There are no cabs around here.
Well then we'll get
a car, babe. Whatever!
The point is... I think we
should leave this place.
This is our house...
we have worked too
hard for this...
I'm not walking away.
It could just be
for a little while.
I'm not leaving!
Okay?
Okay.
We'll stay, I promise.
VOICE:
Get out.
I'm not leaving.
[CRYING]
[SIGHS]
[♪♪]
VOICE:
Get out!
[DISTANT SCREAMS]
[♪♪]
[VOICES ECHOING]
[RIPPLING]
[VOICES WHISPERING]
[GASPING]
[DISTANT SCREAMS]
[VOICES MURMURING]
[CRYING]
[THUNDER CRACKLING]
I thought you were
gonna take a nap?
What's that?
Do you remember when
I told you about
those things I used to see?
Yeah, with your grandpa?
Yeah, Shadow People.
That's what I would call them.
I could barely make
them out but...
I knew that they were there.
And you think that's
what this is?
I remember drawing this.
I was at my grandpa's house.
That's when I first
starting seeing them.
He could see them, too.
He told me that
they were coming for him.
To take him away
to the other side.
Like the Grim Reaper?
Except they weren't
there to guide you.
They came to take you.
Jesus.
He told all this
to a little girl?
He knew that I could
see them, too.
He wanted to protect me.
But it wasn't me
that they wanted.
I thought your grandfather
died of a heart attack.
Yeah, he did.
But he knew that they
were coming for him.
He said he could see them.
Could see faces.
You can't fight them.
I don't know, this
all sounds like, uh...
ghost story talk.
I could see them.
And other people couldn't.
Just like now.
Maybe your...
Maybe your imagination
is getting the best of you.
It's an old rickety house...
No.
I think that they're back.
And I think they're here.
Okay.
If there are Shadow People here,
they can't hurt you, right?
I mean,
not if you don't let them.
Isn't that how it works?
No.
I mean, they are... They're
getting in your head.
You just... You gotta...
It doesn't work that way.
Do you understand?
You can't fight them.
Okay.
Why don't we get you downstairs,
get you in a bath,
get some food in you,
put you down for a nap?
I know you think this is
all in my head,
but it's not.
They're real.
Come on.
[WATER RUNNING]
[VOICE MOANING]
[MOANING CONTINUES]
[♪♪]
[SCREAMING]
Babe, babe, what is it?
You all right?
There's somebody in the shower!
Who?
I don't know who...
Babe, there is nobody here.
Come on, we're going,
let's go, get up!
No!
We're leaving!
No, I don't want to leave!
Come on!
Let go of me!
Megan, you're not staying here!
I'm not leaving!
We have to go!
No!
Please!
Let go!
I'm not leaving!
Leave me alone!
Hey!
I'm not leaving!
You can't make me!
Do you understand?
Fine, put it down!
This is my house!
Okay.
I won't!
You don't have to.
Put it down.
You don't have to go.
I don't want to go.
Okay, put it down,
let's go back inside.
[CRYING]
Don't make me...
I'm so sorry.
What's happening to me?
I don't know.
What's happening to me, Andrew?
I'm so sorry.
[♪♪]
Andrew?
Yeah, babe, I'm still here.
VOICE:
Get out of the house.
Andrew!
[SCREAMS]
ANDREW:
Megan!
Hey! Megan!
Megan?
[GROANING]
I got you.
Aah.
Megan? Megan?
Megan, what's wrong?
Baby? Baby, what's wrong?
Hey, look at me.
Look at me. Okay.
Okay, I got you, baby.
Look. Look at me.
You're okay.
You're all right.
[CRYING]
What's going on with you?
Hey. Hey. I got you.
I'm here.
I'm here, okay?
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Babe. Hey.
I got you...
I got you some tea.
Might make you feel better.
Huh?
Megan!
Shit. Megan?
Hey! Hey!
Baby, wake up! Wake up!
Megan! Come on! Come on!
Come on, come back!
Andrew?
Are you okay?
Am I okay?
Megan, babe...
We gotta get out of here.
No!
I'm not gonna sit here...
I'm not leaving!
And watch this house,
we're leaving!
[DEMONIC VOICE]
I am not leaving this house!
Megan you're hurting
my arm, stop.
Babe you're hurting my arm.
Let go!
So that's all you remember?
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess.
I'm just glad you're okay.
I can't believe
I blacked out in the bath tub.
You don't remember
anything from before?
I remember the woman
in the backyard,
the man in the shower.
I remember that I love you.
You're my everything.
I don't know
what I'd do if I lost you.
How about this?
Let's never find out.
[ANDREW LAUGHS]
[SNIFFLES]
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
Andrew!
What the hell?
What?
I don't come in here and
mess around all of your stuff!
Why would you even do that?
What? What did I do?
My studio!
You moved everything around
in there, and that is my room!
I don't understand, calm down.
Don't tell me to calm down!
Oh.
Babe, I didn't touch
your stuff, I swear.
You moved my paints!
I've been here, in this room,
the entire time.
Are you serious?
Baby...
No.
What...
What happened?
See, it's...
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Come on!
Sir, this is private property,
I need you to leave!
Hey, I called the Sheriff,
he is on his way, man!
There's no use!
I'm asking you nicely,
get the fuck off my property!
No sense in fighting it.
Everybody dies.
It's just your time.
It's your time.
[EVIL LAUGHING]
Who is that guy?
I don't know, he's crazy.
I'm scared, Andrew.
It's okay. He's gone, and now
the Sheriff is on his way.
Where did he go?
The roads are flooded.
How did he even get here?
I don't know, babe.
And what was he talking about?
It's a bunch
of gibberish. Nothing.
He said it was my time to die.
Baby, he is clearly crazy.
Is that your answer
to everything?
Maybe he knows something.
All right. Just calm down.
Don't tell me to calm down!
There was somebody in our house!
Whoa!
Baby, you all right?
You all right?
I just got dizzy.
All right, well,
sit down. Come on.
Your nose.
Babe, Megan, hey!
Megan!
Babe! Wake up!
Megan, wake up!
Ma'am? We're gonna get
you out of here, okay?
[♪♪]
Just hang on a bit.
Help's coming.
I said help's coming!
[EVIL LAUGHING]
[GASPING]
That man?
No sign of him.
And the Sheriff?
He came by, looked around and
he, uh, couldn't find anything.
He did get our car
unstuck, though.
He just looked around?
Babe, if that guy
was still here,
the Sheriff's car would
have spooked him off.
Ah, baby, you're burning up.
I feel like it.
Listen, I know you're probably
sick of hearing it but...
we should get you to a doctor.
Let's just get you out of here
for a little while.
You know I'm right!
You want to leave our house?
No. Well, yes, but not
forever, all right? I just...
Do you think it's...?
Haunted?
Possessed?
I don't know.
It's probably fumes or
something, all right?
Carbon monoxide...
With all this construction,
who knows what you've
been breathing in.
Well, you seem all right.
Maybe it's an allergic reaction,
I don't know.
Something.
Maybe... Maybe it's
this flu or whatever,
and this storm.
Maybe I am losing it.
You're not losing it.
Listen, you're not losing it,
you got a high fever
and you need a doctor.
Right? If you won't let
me take you to a doctor,
then let's just...
get out for a little while,
go for a drive, right?
This house has some
kind of hold on you.
I don't know what's going on,
but you got to let it go.
I'm gonna get a rag to cool
you off and get out of here.
[♪♪]
If you're not feeling
better by tomorrow, babe,
we'll take you to town
and maybe get you some meds!
And me,
a bottle of something strong.
[CHITTERING]
[SQUEALING]
Hey babe, what do
you think about, uh...
[SQUEALING]
Come on. We're
getting out of here.
[♪♪]
We've got to get
to the other side of this!
[GRUNTING]
Andrew!
I got you.
We've got to get across this!
Come on, babe!
Stay with me!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
We can't make it.
Andrew?
It's okay.
[CRYING]
It doesn't make any sense.
I don't understand.
What's happening to us?
It's not fair.
I just wanted this house.
It's this house.
It's this house!
It's this fucking house!
[CONTINUED CRYING]
[DISTANT SCREAMS]
What do you want?
VOICE:
Get out of the house.
What do you want from me?
[EVIL LAUGHING
AND VOICES MUTTERING]
[CRYING]
Babe, I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Though I walk through the valley
of the shadow of death...
I fear no evil...
thy rod and thy staff...
comfort me!
Leave us alone!
[EVIL LAUGHING]
[♪♪]
Andrew!
[CRYING]
[DISTANT SCREAMS]
[INAUDIBLE]
[♪♪]
[GASPING]
[RAIN POURING]
[HORN HONKS]
[CRASHING]
[SCREAMING]
MEGAN:
No!
[CHATTERING ON RADIO]
Ma'am?
Ma'am, we're gonna get
you out of here, okay?
Just hang on a bit,
help is coming.
We're gonna get you out of here.
OLD WOMAN: Get out!
OLD MAN: Got to get out!
OLD WOMAN:
Get out!
Can she get out?
Can you hear us?
She's gotta get out!
[SIRENS WAILING]
[♪♪]
MAN: I'm sorry, sir,
this one's gone.
[POLICE CHATTERING ON RADIO]
[SIREN WAILING]
If you can hear me, my
name is Reverend Kaine.
It's okay, I'm with you.
Just let go, child.
Don't fight it.
It's your time.
[HEART BEATING]
It's your time to be
with the good Lord.
[HEART STOPS BEATING]
Yea, though I walk through the
valley of the shadow of death,
I fear no evil,
for thou art with me,
thy rod and thy staff
they comfort me.
Bless you, child.
[♪♪]
Closed Captions:
Mark Perrault